Why have thousands of women, mostly British, disappeared, died in suspicious circumstances or were outright murdered in the last 30 years in the Denia region and there hasn't been a single investigation?

What hideous business could have made the small town of Denia in Spain utterly immune to the law, turning a once happy thriving community into an ugly, porn-sick, pedophilic, violent and abusive monster that has become baby-rape capital of the world?

What is now so horrific, so distended, so mutant and non-human, the evil can no longer be ignored by the rest of the world, and yet British women keep getting murdered, babies keep getting raped, men keep spending millions on porn subscriptions to view the worst things imaginable while law enforcement turns a blind eye?

What made bus loads of foreign criminals turn up in the region and set up shop knowing that they would be totally invulnerable to the law due to their new address in Spain?

What sort of protected mass criminality like this could ONLY be solved by one of their victims they couldn't kill; a follower of Jesus who just wouldn't die. Every time they tried to poison her, and they tried a lot and they meant to kill her, just like the rest, except she survived totally unharmed and managed to start telling people as loudly as she could about the women, children, and baby devouring sharks in the water in Las Marinas and the wider region.

No-one cared, no-one listened, no-one wanted to know, and so she shouted louder, and they tried to murder her again and again, and she survived.

And then something happened and it seemed the world was desperate to bite chunks out of her as one criminal gang replaced the other and stalked her around the world, trying to kill her again and again, and when she didn't die, they performed sedated surgeries on her and stole her eggs instead.

And she found out about that too! And other stuff.

What does everyone know, but no-one has ever told in 30 years, leaving hundreds if not thousands of women to die in the hands of the poisoning murdering pornographers of Denia, a rogue group of lupins that managed to suck the world into their hell because no-one would ever tell.

What one tawdry and oh so common act of male violence on one much loved woman could have caused all this horror?

And who are the salmon mousses, and why are they also to blame for it all?

And who is this rogue group of mousses running an intuitive program who had sent our heroine into hell way back in 2006, to report back, so they could hack her and see what was happening, and she had no idea she was supplying this service for them, but the lupins knew what her role was and made life very difficult for her indeed.

They did, in fact, turn her into the most famous sedated rape victim the porn networks have ever known. Raped by thousands of men while sedated, including family members, colleagues, and famous tech CEOs, those who took part knew very well why she would be murdered and why no-one would ever come to help her. They felt safe, and they did the worst things imaginable.

Would the lupins of Denia have gone quite so mad if the mousses hadn't protected them so thoroughly?

Did the good lupin who helped her see no other option but to make her so famous in sedated-rape porn that the world could not ignore the plight of the babies and children of the Valencian region a minute longer? And still they ignored it, turning their blind eye again and again, except now millions of men know who she is and recognize her in the street all the time (happened this morning at the airport again).

Are the people controlling everything happy to sacrifice the women and children of the world at the altar of porn? Is that how our world will end?

Read through and figure it out for yourselves.

You will see through our hero's tortured journey through sedated-rape hell in Spain while hacked and stalked online by lupins, mousses, North London's criminal enterprises, everyone and anyone, that she only ever thought she was dealing with a handful of music teachers at the local music school. Her communications on twitter reveal, however, a huge conversation going on between rival criminal enterprises, and they were telling the truth about the situation every day online, and our hero had no idea at all.

What horrible, cowardly act could have brought about such destruction?

Read and find out.

(gonna get ChatGPT to rewrite this into something short and punchy maintaining the content...)
