Hi there. Hi Lisa.

Well, I have a feeling I'm going to be arrested. I haven't been arrested, but I'm. I'm kind of expecting to be, let's say, and I thought I'd better get a lawyer. So just been looking up on the on the British Foreign Office website, and I I saw your number.

It's Catherine Murphy. I

All right, so I've been bullied and intimidated for about it's going on nearly two years now. I've been studying piano at the Conservatory of denier. I actually used to live here about 10 years ago, and I started to study piano over there, and a piano teacher wanted a romantic relationship with me. He was very offensive and quite abusive, actually, and so I turned him down. And then I came back. I went back to England to work, etc. I came back here two years ago, and I've, I've got back in to study again, and I just did, don't expect this sort of thing, obviously. So there's been kind of a campaign of intimidation and bullying ever since I got back, and it has been pretty horrendous. And I wrote a lot of letters to the generality tax complaint. I mean, you know, a lot of things have happened. I was, I've, I've felt very much in threat of violence on the streets of denier at the Conservatory, there are numerous kind of bullying events, and he's behind he's behind it, yeah, definitely, it's from him,

but he's managed to get a lot

of support, you see, for whatever Reason.

Anyway, it's just gone on and on, and

I wrote a lot of letters of com. I didn't know who to trust. I love playing the piano. It's my passion. It just keeps me sane. I didn't feel like I had to leave, but obviously that was the thing to just, you know, attack me, and I would leave, and I didn't leave. I just kept going back. And so it got worse and worse, and I sort of complained a lot, not directly on Twitter. They were watching me on Twitter, so it's been cyber stalking. I've got hacked, I believe they've got film, video and photos of me in a state of undress, and maybe sexual videos and recordings of me. It's just been horrendous, and I complained they suggest that they have I know that they hacked me for sure, 100% I know that they hacked me at the time that I took pictures that they have posted on my google search to notify me that they have them I know that they were in my system. My work found a vulnerability in the router because they started sending messages on Twitter. And they're not messages I can use as proof, but it's just sort of suggestions. There's like hundreds of fake accounts that they've been using, suggestions of things that that I've been doing, payments, that I've been made, the amount of the payment, the amount I get paid each month, that sort of thing. So they're really, it's really been full on, and it's quite difficult to prove, obviously, but I I know they're in I complained to my security department that I work online for a financial company, and I complained to them, and they had a quick check and said, Indeed, yes, the

router was,

had likely been

attacked, and so I had to work away. Oh, it's just, it's just been constant. Anyway, I complained to the generality about what was going on, and they ignored me. I wrote a letter last October. It was just ignored. Things got worse. I wrote again. It was ignored. I wrote again. I've just so they sent a letter this morning saying they'd investigated and nothing. Nothing's happened. You know, there's nothing. To I.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
